OK so we have all the dependencies we need.
We have this main component we index the jazz and it's bringing the components that dush app which it's
giving us hello world.
Just something real simple.
So what we need to do a lot of things are going to show you a chart.
The chart again and we need to do a lot of set ups right now.
We have a lot of components.
We can have the app component which is this one inside we're going to have a new component which is
going to be the header that contains the search and then we can have a different component to wrap the
list of course.
And whenever a user clicks on a car we can have a new component for each car for each item and whenever
they click it is going to show a new one that it's going to fetch all the information of this car.
Update the state and then just show show it right here to something simple.
OK.
So OK I'm going to go back to the project and we can to start setting this up.
We're going to be using routes.
So the first thing is going to be importing the rounds have router.
So I'm going to say import and are going to do of this and I'm going to bring the browser router right.
The second thing we need is going to be the route.
And we're going to import this from re-act router.
It's going to be re-act router done.
That's good.
Okay that's good.
So now we can have two main components.
One is going to be the app component.
And then just IKAR detail.
So I'm going to call a car right now so I'm going to create and imported it but then we're going to
go and create this component just to save time and go into imported right now.
So it's going to be car from components and I'm going to call this one car right now I to set up the
routes for this are going to go right here at the bottom and I'm going to just delete the car because
the idea because we don't need it so we need to wrap the whole application inside the inside the browser
router.
So I'm going to say browse a router and the browser router takes one elements.
If we pass more elements it's going to break.
So we're going to wrap everything inside a zip.
We're going to use two routes.
We're going to use the home route and then the car with the with the IDs.
So first I'm going to do the home.
So it's going to be route.
Am I going to just open it close and this one is going to be exact.
I'm not going to use switch.
We're going to use the path and the path for this one is going to be just for Slash.
We need to pass a component and the component is going to be it's going to be at that JSC.
So it's got.
So the next route is going to be this one right here.
Now whenever we click on an item it's going to go to this view and it's going to take an idea and idea
from there from the pro-ams as an argument so we can do bring the information of this particular car.
So I'm going to go right here again to say route and this one again is going to have a path and the
path is going to be car.
It's going to be for Slash car and then for Slash calling and we pass the id the as an argument.
Right.
That's good.
So this one is going to use the components and the component is going to be car right.
Everything looks fine.
Let's go and create the car component going to go right here inside components and create a new file.
This one is going to be called car door jams.
Right.
Let me minimize this.
So this car that just real simple we need to import re-act from Briac that's just going to be a class
of components we need to bring components
components right.
What is the next thing we need.
We need to create a class so this one is going to be class car and extends component why we want to
render something for now just to make sure that everything is working.
So I'm going to say render and inside the render method we're going to return something.
Now we will return.
It's just a dip.
Just something really dumb just saying.
And now we need to export and then default and we export the car so we can make it available inside
other components.
OK that's fine.
So if I say it everything should be working fine.
Home.
Hello.
And if I go to a car for Slash car and then for that last one we get car.
Let's get.
So now what do we need to do on the.
Bring the chart again.
We need to create the first components the first component is going to beat Hetter whenever we search
at the user.
We're going to store this value.
The keyboards inside the components state and then we get to grab that keyboard and we can pass it to
this component so we can search the cars.
OK.
That's fine.
Let's create the search components.
Now the search component is going to be directly linked to redux.
So we will make a container with this.
So I'm going to go right here back to the project and inside containers are going to create a new file
that is going to be called search makes sense.
Search dogs jazz.
Now again we're going to make it a class based components on going to react and component and we're
going to write to class is going to be class and then search and then extents and then component right.
So what we need to do we can and just render some device right now is going to say render an inside
the just after the render begin to return some GSX.
So its return and that open and close again to create a parent's death.
Just a container and the containers can have a class.
I'm going to put a class name of main search makes sense.
You can put whatever you want.
OK so this may search we can have a form inside the search with the input.
So I'm going to say form open it close and this is going to have an input and input is going to be for
now type text right.
Makes sense when it closes.
And now everything's fine.
There's something missing.
We need to export the component export default and then we say search since this is going to be linked
to redux.
I need to do.
We need to change a lot of things right now right here.
So we're going to need to do something else.
I'm getting an error right here.
Remember with GSX you need to follow some rules.
So if you create unempowered and we don't have the closing tag it's going to break the GSX.
Yeah.
Really don't.
OK.
That's fine.
So let's go to the parent component which is going to be the app component.
We can include this component from the from the app.
So I'm going to go back to the app and I'm going to import the components.
OK let's do it from here.
I'm going to go right here and I'm going to say components and begin to bring the first component so
it's going to be import and then search search from.
And this one is going to be inside containers.
So we're going to do that for Slash containers.
We go and we will go one directory up and this one is going to be called search.
OK.
So if I go inside app I'm just going to delete the hello I'm going to wrap everything inside the app.
I'm going to add a class right here.
I always like to add a class.
You know you don't need to do this.
It's going to be app.
Now we're going to we want to bring the search component right here.
So I'm going to say search since we have it available right here.
We can bring it no problem.
And it's a search then just for Slash them it and I'm going to go back to the home and get we get the
I made a mistake right here
one second.
So I have a closing tag right here that it's not right.
If you can see it just let me know.
OK.
It must be on the search right here.
You know I'm not used to use the VS code a lot.
I just knew with it vs code.
So I still need some polish.
So OK so we included the search component and it's right here available inside the app.
You know this is really really ugly.
So we can do some styles we can add some styles.
So I'm going to go to the main index are going to go right here and I'm going to import and when going
to important just to see assess and we're going to do it from here it's going to be app that says OK
we don't have this file so I'm going to go and create it.
Right now it's going to be in the main directory.
Sorry it's going to be the source directory I mean site the source directory.
I'm going to create just a file but it's going to be apps.
That's yes.
That's SS Raigad get that mature make sure that this is fine.
You we say Dot and for Slash we get the obvious Burguet So we're going to add some styles just to make
this a little bit better.
So I'm going to go first at some styles for the body and the body is going to have a marching zero and
then a padding of zero again you know just some basic rules we're going to use a phone family going
to add in the in the next video family.
Now you can you can actually outed yourself that there's no problem if you want to use a fun family
just like we're botto.
You can if not just doesn't matter.
It's not really important.
So we get to do the stylings for the search.
Now the main search we added a class of the search that is going to be made search.
So right here going to make reference to that main search and at some styles.
So this one is going to be text align and it's going to be Center.
What else are we going to do padding and padding.
It's going to be of pixels.
We can add a border just a border bottom.
Know just to add a line at the bottom and it's going to be one pixel solid.
And I don't know we going do light gray.
OK.
Now we're going to style the empathy.
So I'm going to grab the same selector main search and then make reference to the impot this impled
It's going again have fun family photo.
So just going to copy and paste just to save time and what else we can add a border radius border radius
and it's going to be you know 30 pixels.
That sounds nice.
You can add a border again and this one is going to be one big old solid and just to save time begin
to say light gray OK.
And the color is going to be black that's fine it's black by default but doesn't matter.
OK.
Well what else.
What we what else we can do with this.
It's really really small.
So I'm going to change the font size is a font size.
It's going to be 20 pixels and we can add some padding you to something real simple and then just a
fun just fine.
It's going to be 300.
OK that's fine.
So if I click on this we can have this ugly ugly focus.
So I'm going to just make reference to the input again and this is the last thing we're going to do.
It's going to be focus and we remove that blue outline.
OK so online none.
Let's get if I click it.
No I'd like that's good.
If I type something real nice.
Botto.
And it's kind of a light font right.
So everything looks fine.
Weird.
We did the routes all the setups and we created this component.
So now on the next section we're going to make the search work.